Chen Tianjiao
How do you prove that you are returning to the imperial city to be ordered?
Instead of running away with a guilty conscience?
Since Zhanwang Chen was captured by the imperial teacher's people
What's there to argue about?
The famous Zhanwang Chen is absconding for crime
Zhang Cao, shut your mouth
Otherwise you won't end well
Stinky bodyguard father has already bothered you
How to die before
Do you still want to put a little tongue on me?
Lord Imperial Preceptor
Since you doubt Zhanwang Chen
Destroy evidence
absconded
Evidence? Speaking of evidence?
on me
There is evidence of collusion between Ouyang Tomb and Liu Xishan
Do you want to see it?
Chen Tianjiao, don't slander me here
I'll put you in front of so many people today
Show evidence
I let your bluff plan fail
If I were an adult
I took his knife.
No other evidence
Proud of Tomorrow
Didn't you just say there is evidence?
Where is the evidence?
Imperial Preceptor, you are so thick-skinned
In front of so many people
Decent destruction of evidence
Chen Nianjia, I think you are a thief with a guilty conscience
Wasting time here
Dare to slander the imperial master
I think you are with that Liao Fan
Hunter Chen Tianjiao collaborated with the enemy and betrayed the country
I am with Gao Xiaoyun
Liao Fan and others assassinated Lu Shushi
Die today
Go and bring Liao Fan to the stage
Liao Fan Liao Fan
Wei Bing obeyed orders
Surround Chen Tianjiao
Facing him hurts the innocent
It's Liao Fan, I want to use yours first
Pay tribute to the heroic spirit of Lord Long Shuai